<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="dev_topic_3">
    <title>Install and Run the UI on localhost</title>
    <body>
        <p>To install and run the UI on localhost, complete the procedures described in this
            topic.</p>
        <section id="section_vfp_k5p_jcc">
            <title>Before You Begin</title>
            <p conref="before_you_begin.dita#before_you_begin/before_you_begin"/>
        </section>
        <section id="section_egn_gkp_jcc">
            <title>Install the UI</title>
            <p>This procedure installs the <ph keyref="product_name"/> UI application and can take
                several minutes to complete. </p>
            <p><b>IMPORTANT!</b> Do not install the UI within a <i>OneDrive</i> folder.</p>
            <p>To install the UI, complete these steps:</p>
            <ol id="ol_ggn_gkp_jcc">
                <li>
                    <p>If it is not already activated, activate the <codeph>nexus-6-ui-venv</codeph>
                        virtual environment; for more information about creating a virtual
                        environment, refer to <xref href="create_a_virtual_environment.dita"/>
                        <xref
                            href="https://github.com/Xoana/developer-docs/blob/feature/add-repo-docs/nexus-6-ui/docs/install_and_run_the_ui_locally.md#create-a-virtual-environment"
                            format="html" scope="external">Create a Virtual Environment</xref>.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Change to the <ph keyref="git_repo_name"/> repository folder on your local
                        machine, and delete the <b>package-lock.json</b> file.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Open a terminal, and run the following command:</p>
                    <pre id="pre_jgn_gkp_jcc">$ npm install --legacy-peer-deps
</pre>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Confirm that the installation was successful by building and serving the UI
                        as described in <xref
                            href="https://github.com/Xoana/developer-docs/blob/feature/add-repo-docs/nexus-6-ui/docs/install_and_run_the_ui_locally.md#build-and-serve-the-ui"
                            format="html" scope="external">Build and Serve the UI</xref>.</p>
                </li>
            </ol>
            <p><b>Note</b>: This procedure must be completed only when the UI is initially installed
                or when the package.json file changes (which is rare). When the package.json file
                changes, you must reinstall the UI by deleting the <b>node_modules</b> folder and
                the <b>package-lock.json</b> file from your local application folder, and running
                the following command: <codeph>npm install --legacy-peer-deps</codeph></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rgn_gkp_jcc">
            <title>Run the UI on localhost</title>
            <p>To run the UI on localhost, complete these steps:</p>
            <ol id="ol_sgn_gkp_jcc">
                <li>
                    <p>Open a terminal and change to the <ph keyref="git_repo_name"/> repository
                        folder.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Activate the <codeph><ph keyref="venv_name"/></codeph> virtual environment,
                        and run one of the following commands (depending on which configuration you
                        want to run):</p>
                    <ul id="ul_tgn_gkp_jcc">
                        <li>
                            <p>Development: <codeph>ng serve --configuration
                                development</codeph></p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Stage: <codeph>ng serve --configuration stage</codeph></p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Production: <codeph>ng serve --configuration production</codeph></p>
                            <p><b>IMPORTANT!</b> When you build the UI using the production
                                configuration, any changes you make in the UI on localhost will be
                                saved to the production tables.</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>To access the UI locally, open a browser and navigate to <xref
                            href="http://localhost:4200/" format="html" scope="external"
                            >http://localhost:4200</xref>.</p>
                </li>
            </ol>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
